Fix ansible_managed guideline to use comment filter (#36)
redhat-cop/automation-good-practices: roles/README.adoc

=== Generating files from templates
[%collapsible]
====

> * Add ``{{ ansible_managed | comment }}`` at the top of the template file file to indicate that the file is managed by Ansible roles. For more information, see https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_filters.html#id38[Adding comments to files].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add ``{{ ansible_managed | comment }}`` at the top of the template file file to indicate that the file is managed by Ansible roles, while making sure that multi-line values are properly commented.
For more information, see https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_filters.html#adding-comments-to-files[Adding comments to files].
```
